README.md, before:

# Project Redeem Front End

The problem... I'm sure everyone has noticed the changes that are are going on with the world in terms of changes in weather patterns and changing temperatures. 
the trouble being that not everyone knows what they can do about. Most of us recycle and save water but often we want to know if there is more we can do.

For our final project we developed an App for eco-minded individuals who are looking for inspiration as to how they can lessen their environmental impact in an approachable and accessible way.

Our App aims to provide a platform for creators to showcase their builds, helping others to follow every step of the way and guiding users of varying ability. From wind turbines made of old car parts, to window farms made of plastic bottles.

## Get Started

First, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/afam-io/final-project-front-end-boolean-pirates.git

```

Create a copy of the env.local.example file and add in your credentials:

```bash
Details below

```

Then, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

Finally, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the app.

## Enviroment Variables.

The app currently uses Auth0 you will need to set up an account and add the credentials to the env.example file follow the getting started steps [here](https://github.com/auth0/nextjs-auth0). There are also a few steps you need to follow inside Auth0, the Allowed Callback and Logout URLs.

## The Stack

We used Next.js on the front end styled with TailwindCSS. Auth0 was used for authentication and Cloudinary was used for linking the images uploads to the database 

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Tailwind CSS Docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - info about Tailwind.
- [Auth0 Docs](https://auth0.com/docs) - info about Auth0.
- [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/documentation)- info about Cloudinary.

## See the App Running on Vercel

The app is deployed and running on [Vercel](https://final-project-front-end-boolean-pirates.vercel.app/)

## Authors
- [@Afam](https://github.com/afam-io)
- [@danielknight261](https://github.com/danielknight261)
- [@Harri](https://github.com/HairiBeast)
- [@Tass](https://github.com/tassanee-atsa)
- [@Jojok](https://github.com/JojokCreator)
- [@Musy88](https://github.com/Musy88)

Commit message:

added a testing section to the front end readme to include cypress

README.md, after:

# Project Redeem Front End

The problem... I'm sure everyone has noticed the changes that are are going on with the world in terms of changes in weather patterns and changing temperatures.
the trouble being that not everyone knows what they can do about. Most of us recycle and save water but often we want to know if there is more we can do.

For our final project we developed an App for eco-minded individuals who are looking for inspiration as to how they can lessen their environmental impact in an approachable and accessible way.

Our App aims to provide a platform for creators to showcase their builds, helping others to follow every step of the way and guiding users of varying ability. From wind turbines made of old car parts, to window farms made of plastic bottles.

## Get Started

First, clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/afam-io/final-project-front-end-boolean-pirates.git

```

Create a copy of the env.local.example file and add in your credentials:

```bash
Details below

```

Then, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

Finally, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the app.

## Enviroment Variables.

The app currently uses Auth0 you will need to set up an account and add the credentials to the env.example file follow the getting started steps [here](https://github.com/auth0/nextjs-auth0). There are also a few steps you need to follow inside Auth0, the Allowed Callback and Logout URLs.

## The Stack

We used Next.js on the front end styled with TailwindCSS. Auth0 was used for authentication and Cloudinary was used for linking the images uploads to the database

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Tailwind CSS Docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - info about Tailwind.
- [Auth0 Docs](https://auth0.com/docs) - info about Auth0.
- [Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/documentation)- info about Cloudinary.

## Testing

We used Cypress to perform some end-to-end testing on our web app to ensure that components rendered as they should and that links worked.
Cypress would have been installed as a dev dependency, so to run Cypress, enter the command:

```bash
npx cypress open

```

Once open, the Cypress tests can be found within cypress/e2e.

- [Cypress](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/overview/why-cypress)- info about Cypress.

## See the App Running on Vercel

The app is deployed and running on [Vercel](https://final-project-front-end-boolean-pirates.vercel.app/)

## Authors

- [@Afam](https://github.com/afam-io)
- [@danielknight261](https://github.com/danielknight261)
- [@Harri](https://github.com/HairiBeast)
- [@Tass](https://github.com/tassanee-atsa)
- [@Jojok](https://github.com/JojokCreator)
- [@Musy88](https://github.com/Musy88)

```

```
